What? Don't look at me like that!
Sign it for me now
Get out of here after signing
To tell you the truth
After three years of marriage, I never really loved you
It is better to leave such a marriage as soon as possible
Since you don't like me
Why did you marry me?
You know I've been running a company for you all these years
How much did I pay?
You have the nerve to say
You are a housewife who can only do laundry and cook
What can you do for me?
Do you feel like doing some housework?
Even if it's for me
I'm also a billionaire boss now
I am Gu Rui
What Chen really needs is someone who can help me
Just like Yingying
He just made me the richest man
The cooperation of the Su family
What do you mean he made it happen?
Obviously it's me, who do you think you are?
You brought it back.
You don't do anything at home every day
You're still lying here
You're only making me more disgusted by doing this
Occupy this position
After three years of gathering, he took a serious look at you
If I were you
Just hang yourself with a rope
I'm talking to my husband, what's the matter with you?
You shameless little three
Who dares you to talk to someone like that?
Wei Cheng, you hit me
My mom and dad love me
Never wanted to hit me on the road
If you hit me, hit me
What can I do? I don't want to trample on your dignity.
I hope you lose a little
I also know
You scum for hitting women
You will definitely pay for today
Who do you think you are?
Fortunately, my son divorced you.
Get out of here
Forgot to tell you
In fact, I am the eldest lady of the Su family
Miss Su Family